Add dbt core upgrade considerations to Runtime docs (#1270)
astronomer/docs: astro/runtime-release-notes.md

- Release date: April 30, 2022
- Airflow version: 2.3.0

:::danger Breaking change

> The `dbt-core` provider package is currently incompatible with Runtime 5+. The root cause for this issue is not yet known. If `dbt-core` is listed in your Astro project `requirements.txt` file when you attempt to upgrade to Runtime 5+, the upgrade will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `dbt-core` provider package is currently incompatible with Runtime 5.0 and later. The root cause for this issue is not yet known. If `dbt-core` is listed in your Astro project `requirements.txt` file when you attempt to upgrade to Runtime 5.0 or later, the upgrade fails.
```

> To continue with the upgrade to Runtime 5, remove `dbt-core` from your `requirements.txt` file. To continue running dbt Core jobs with Airflow, stay on your current Runtime version or upgrade to Runtime version 4.2.x until the fix for this issue is developed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To upgrade to Runtime 5.0 or later, remove `dbt-core` from your `requirements.txt` file. To continue running dbt Core jobs with Airflow, don't upgrade your current Runtime version or upgrade to Runtime version 4.2.x and wait until a  fix is announced. 
```
